oh we're just going to peel off here
like that yeah let me get that the
reason why I do this because easier to
peel once you've done that you're going
to pop those garlic yeah as in that I
think more pop them in a waterfall just
kind of blunt for about two to three
minutes so the nice and el dente read
law we don't want to cook them too much
food once they're done yeah and a place
on the pen with planting day up so we've
got that done got a pen on touch more
oil into the pen not too much genre to
chop these ones as hard ever-greater
chop those up so one you want you
actually gonna cook the other ones you
can I serve one who's going to third if
on top those one can be served broad
they're great for using in salad too so
we're going to quickly season this I
want the butter to quickly get a nice
car analyzing touch we're going to add
the cinnamon which we are pierce touch
of cinnamon on to the flying pin and
place it facedown and this should Brown
quite quickly now remember is it's the
family banana so it's very sweet and
it's very soft the river so all but all
we're able to do is get the color right
we'll get the color here very quickly
you'll find little color very quickly if
I can try and show you one there you go
yeah it's nice and quick put it back
there do you think the secret we plant a
nice is you either cook it for longer or
cook it for a small amount of time small
amount of time they're crunchy you need
a little bit of crunch I mean you can
cook it but what happened it goes like
banana cos grace we're going straight up
in a pan some people like to slice room
you can do that you know like that I
just do this for style where I want it
will place the plate there the very
quick dish is the great thing about this
so you get home from working you're
feeling a bit peckish you don't have to
go through potato not only I've right
you can read that for us please all
right I'm just quickly strain off let
Lisa find strain this into here so I
allow it to rest nicely yeah hmm but
permit off thank you right now this is
probably had what probably about 8 10
minute 8 10 minutes been in the oven
yeah and it should be nice it's nice and
yeah tender you can feel that yeah a lot
of plant in there we're just going to
quickly add these to the same time make
sure you get all the water out yeah we
love that lovely little flame going up
we'll just quickly season em okay like
that right a little I don't whether only
you guys are cooked with these little
garlic stems but they're only really
unusual I mean and I'm gonna fight try
tarnishing if that's a few down now one
thing I forgot got the place that honey
tonight
overnight what we'll do that thank you
for yeah he's going too fast they go but
I honey baby what you place it over
there chicken just what goes in the oven
what does this sort of like glazed over
it but it doesn't matter because you can
drizzle it afterwards and it gives it an
option if you don't like honey you don't
need for you to hand out of it so now
we've got these garlic's you just want
to get some color on that flight color
on them like that right there we go but
place like this okay right now
usually just over like that your client
these are really really crispy all right
there you go and chicken breath just
sliced around life at one so suppose
we've got to influence of different
Murray asian and sort of a Caribbean he
sort of like they've got a bit of that
and then a boy thing forth which is last
we've got it in a bottle here but I
placed in here that can work with it be
better and then we'll just and there you
want some money oh that's a little bit
of honey to drizzle over the top so
simple and it's a very simple dish and a
very effective cost effective to remind
is what it is again right that is the
honey baked chicken breath served on a
plant in with phenomen garlic beamed
finger easy as their hutch
you